docs: misc (#36741)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lsp.txt

      • {cfg}   (`vim.lsp.Config`) See |vim.lsp.Config|.

enable({name}, {enable})                                    *vim.lsp.enable()*
    Auto-activates LSP in each buffer based on the |lsp-config| `filetypes`,
    `root_markers`, and `root_dir`.

>     To disable, pass `enable=false`: stops related clients and servers (and

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
    To disable, pass `enable=false`: Stops related clients and servers (and
```

    Parameters: ~
      • {name}    (`string|string[]`) Name(s) of client(s) to enable.
      • {enable}  (`boolean?`) If `true|nil`, enables auto-activation of the
                  given LSP config on current and future buffers. If `false`,
                  disables auto-activation and stops related LSP clients and

>                   servers (and may force-stop servers after `exit_timeout`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  servers (and defaults to force-stoping the server after `exit_timeout`
```

Author: Users can discover that `exit_timeout` decides the default. Otherwise don't need to over-explain here.
